[Music]
and Samuel took a flask of oil and
poured it on his head and kissed him and
said is it not because the Lord has
anointed you commander over his
inheritance when you have departed from
me today
you will find two men by Rachel's Tomb
in the territory of Benjamin at the
Zelda and they will say to you
the donkey's which you went to look for
have been found and now your father has
ceased caring about the donkey's and is
worrying about you saying
what shall I do about my son
then you shall go on forward from there
and come to the terebinth tree of Tabor
there are three men going up to God at
Bethel will meet you one carrying three
young goats another carrying three
loaves of bread and another carrying a
skin of wine and they will greet you and
give you two loaves of bread which you
shall receive from their hands after
that you shall come to the hill of God
with a Philistine garrison ease and it
will happen
when you have come there to the city
that you will meet a group of prophets
coming down from the high place the
stringed instrument a tambourine a flute
and a heart before them and they will be
prophesied then the Spirit of the Lord
will come upon you and you will prophesy
with them and be turned into another man
and let it be
when these signs come to you that you do
as the occasion demands for God is with
you you shall go down before me to
Gilgal and surely I will come down to
you to offer burnt offerings and make
sacrifices of peace offerings seven days
you shall wait till I come to you and
show you what you should do so it was
when he had turned his back to go from
Samuel that God gave him another heart
and all those signs came to pass that
day when they came there to the hill
there was a group of prophets to meet
him then the Spirit of God came upon him
and he prophesied among them and it
happened when all who knew him formally
saw that he had indeed prophesied among
the prophets that the people said to one
another what is this that has come upon
the son of Kish is Saul also among the
prophets then a man from there answered
but who is their father
therefore it became a proverb is soul
also among the prophets when he had
finished prophesying he went to the high
place and Saul's
uncle said to him and his servant where
did you go to look for the donkey's when
we saw that they were nowhere to be
found we went to Samuel tell me please
what Samuel said to you he told us
plainly that the donkey's had been found
but about the matter of the kingdom he
did not tell him what Samuel had said
and Samuel called the people together to
the Lord at Misbah and said to the
children of Israel thus says the Lord
God of Israel I brought up Israel out of
Egypt and delivered you from the hand of
the Egyptians and from the hand of all
kingdoms and from those who oppressed
you but you have today rejected your God
who himself saved you from all your
adversities and your tribulations and
you have said to him no set a king over
us now therefore present yourselves
before the Lord by your tribes and by
your clans and when Samuel had caused
all the tribes of Israel to come near
the tribe of Benjamin was chosen when he
had caused the tribe of Benjamin to come
near by their families the family of
maitribe was chosen and sol the son of
Kish was chosen but when they sought him
he could not be found
therefore they inquired of the Lord
further has the man come here yet
there he is hidden among the equipment
so they ran and brought him from there
and when he stood among the people he
was taller than any of the people from
his shoulders Upland and Samuel said to
all the people do you see him whom the
Lord has chosen that there is no one
like him among all the people so all the
people shouted the keg and Samuel
explained to the people the behavior of
royalty and wrote it in a book
and laid it up before the Lord and
Samuel sent all the people away every
man to his house and Saul also went home
to Gibeah and valiant men went with him
whose hearts God had touched but some
rebel said how can this man save us so
they despised him and brought him no
presence but he held his peace